This simple MMOARPG (because I hate click-and-wait rpgs) is a really simplified 3d game.
It implements the Simple RPG (the single-page one) I wrote as the combat system.
It's almost turn-based, but not really, there's just really quick cooldowns.

The players start off in Arcadia, get some quests to go kill some Mooks or
Wandering Monsters in Ghibli Hills.
The Mooks are generally found in small groups, camping in the wilderness.
The Wandering Monsters are generally few and far between, often quite a bit
more powerful than the players, Usually being Smash Mooks.

From Ghibli Hills, the player can make their way into any number of vastly
different zones, like: Fire, Ice, Sewer, Creepy Forest, Ghost Ship, Mine,
Glowing Crystal Maze, Ancient Temple Full of Traps, Magic Floating Castle,
Sci-fi Technological, Womb, Water.

Each of these have unique/special items that drop that are related to the Zone.
The Fire zone drops flaming weapons, etc.

Each Zone has a town in the middle of the zone that can be fast-traveled to.
The player just has to walk there first, or pay a cabbie.

Zones are instanced per group of players.
This allows them to play through a storyline and affect the world as they see it.

Towns are instanced, but when a certain amount of players is reached,
a new instance is spun up.

There are skills and abilities for the players to learn that help them in
combat, usually the same skill, just with a better effect and name.
Most abilities are area-of-effect or a line or a cone or somesuch, never
really targeting a specific opponent.

It should be playable with a joypad.
It should have a directional movement control consisting of forward, back,
strafe left and right, and turn left and right.
There should be 4 buttons for casting spells, using abilities or skills, etc.
There should be 2 modifier buttons that allow for the use of 16 skills
total by each modifier button shifting to a different set of 4 abilities and skills.
(IE, Shift+Control+X or Control+Y or Shift+A.)

Quests should give abilities often, and make the player choose between a few
different types like Damage or Healing.

Player's models are scaled up depending on level.

Each Zone has a random dungeon with levels equal to the highest player's level in the party.
To get deeper, you have to defeat a Boss of appropriate level and complexity.
The dungeons will have lootables (barrels, chests, rat nests) that drop mostly
junk but once in a while will drop something nice for the players.

Perhaps skills level up the more they use them?

=Random Stuff=
Dungeons should be random
Towns can be random
Zones can be random.














